SOURCE: https://indiankanoon.org/doc/1066741/
SECTION: Section_139_Returns

M/S Fuleshwar Prasad vs The State Of Bihar &Amp; Ors on 17 January, 2011








Share Link


Mobile View












Free features


Premium features


Case removal






















Warning on translation






Get this document in PDF








Print it on a file/printer








Download Court Copy














[Cites 
0
, Cited by 
0
]










User Queries


Block development officer 










Take notes as you read a judgment using our 
Virtual Legal Assistant
 and get email alerts whenever a new judgment matches your query (
Query Alert Service
). Try out our 
Premium Member Services
 -- 
Sign up today
 and get free trial for one month.




Patna High Court - Orders


M/S Fuleshwar Prasad vs The State Of Bihar &Amp; Ors on 17 January, 2011


                   IN THE HIGH COURT OF JUDICATURE AT PATNA
                                        CWJC No.357 of 2011
                      M/S Fuleshwar Prasad, a partnership firm, having its place of
                      business at Barh, P.O. and P.S.-Barh, District-Patna through one of
                      its Partner Anil Kumar, S/o Fuleshwar Prasad .
                                                                           .... Petitioner.
                                                 Versus
                  1. The State Of Bihar through the Secretary, Department of Finance,
                      Government of Bihar, Patna.
                  2. The Collector-cum-District Magistrate, Patna.
                  3. The Sub-Divisional Officer, Barh, District- Patna.
                  4. The Block Development Officer, Bakhtiyarpur, District-Patna.
                                                                    ......... Respondents.
                     For the petitioner    :       Mr. Manish Kumar, Advocate.
                     For the State         :       Mr. Satyeshwar Prasad, A.C. to G.P.-9.

                                                -----------

3.   17.01.2011
             1.      Heard learned counsel for the petitioner and

                   learned counsel for the State of Bihar and its authorities.


                            2.       This writ petition has been filed by the petitioner

                   for a direction to the respondents authorities to allocate and give

                   adequate fund to the respondent-Block Development Officer,

                   Bakhtiyarpur (Respondent no. -4) to enable him to make payments

                   of admitted dues of the petitioner in respect of supply of petroleum

                   products made by the petitioner for governmental use with interest

                   and for other ancillary reliefs.



                            3.      It transpires that an application with respect to the

                   said amount was filed by the petitioner on 13.06.2009 (Annexure-


                   2) before the Block Development Officer, Bakhtiarpur(Patna), but

                   no step has been taken as yet, although the petitioner claims that

                   the amount claimed is the admitted dues.



                            4.      Considering the aforesaid facts and circumstances

                   of the case, this writ petition is disposed of with a liberty to the

                               2





        petitioner to file an application giving details of facts and raising all

        the points before the District Magistrate, Patna (Respondent No. 2).

        However, if such an application is filed by the petitioner within 15

        days from today, such authority shall decide the same in

        accordance with law within two months from the date of filing of

        such application and if some amounts are found admittedly to be

        paid to the petitioner, it must be paid to him within one month

        thereafter. However, if some amount is found to be disputed and

        the authority holds that said amount or interest thereon cannot be

        paid, the petitioner will be at liberty to raise his objection before

        the appropriate Forum against the said order.



                                  (S.N.Hussain,J.)
Sujit